---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/rava-duskhorn/rava-backstory/","dg-note-properties":{}}
---

# Abbreviated Backstory 
- Ranadive was born into a large family
- Her father ([[Rava Duskhorn/Rava Character List#Alaric Vespers Zimou\|Alaric]]) served as a priest for the [[Rava Duskhorn/Rava The Church of Otar\|Church of Otar]] 
- Although Ranadive was well-loved in here community her own parents thought she was disappointing
	- They punished her often by forcing her to handwrite holy books written in the church's language ([[Rava Duskhorn/Rava The Church of Otar#Oxtun\|Oxtun]]) in celestial
- Despite her love for dancing her parents forced her to stop so she would appear more mature
- When she was old enough (40) she applies to become a [[Rava Duskhorn/Rava The Church of Otar#The Worshipers\|Worshiper]] (a group of individuals who dedicate their lives to the arts for [[Rava Duskhorn/Rava Character List#Cyric\|Otar]])
- Struggling to keep up, Ranadive began practicing outside the temple, a massive sin
- She began to do really well and would have probably taken on a teaching position after she graduated from training
- One day she was called into her father's office
- She had been caught by [[Rava Duskhorn/Rava Character List#Nikroth Iye Malthar\|Nikroth]] and in exchange for silence was then engaged to him
- As punishment for crying, Ranadive was given another book to translate by hand
- When she began she found a small prayer written inside, revealing that Otar was actually [[Rava Duskhorn/Rava Character List#Cyric\|Cyric]] the God of Lies
- Ranadive changed her name to Rava Duskhorn, cut her hair, and ran away from home, determined to never come back again

# Backstory Timeline
| Age | Event                                                                                                                                                                                            |
| --- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| 0   | Ranadive is born & has her [[Rava Duskhorn/Rava The Church of Otar#Ceremony of Life\|Ceremony of Life]]                                                                                                        |
| 2   | Ranadive first gets the nickname "[[Rava Duskhorn/Rava Backstory#^4c1804\|Angel]]"                                                                                                                             |
| 3   | Ranadive becomes fascinated with dancing                                                                                                                                                         |
| 11  | Her nickname "[[Rava Duskhorn/Rava Backstory#^4c1804\|Angel]]" is widely known and used                                                                                                                        |
| 15  | [[Rava Duskhorn/Rava Character List#Evander Noctis Zimou\|Evander]] is sent to [[Rava Duskhorn/Rava The Church of Otar#Otarere\|Otarere]]                                                                                    |
| 20  | Ranadive officially becomes a child is forced to stop dancing                                                                                                                                    |
| 29  | Witnesses [[Rava Duskhorn/Rava Character List#Syric Damarius Zimou\|Syric]]'s [[Rava Duskhorn/Rava The Church of Otar#Ceremony of Growth\|Ceremony of Growth]] & [[Rava Duskhorn/Rava Character List#Therion Fen Zimou\|Therion]] vanishes |
| 37  | [[Rava Duskhorn/Rava Character List#Lucan Fayrin Zimou\|Lucan]] is born & has his [[Rava Duskhorn/Rava The Church of Otar#Ceremony of Life\|Ceremony of Life]]                                                               |
| 40  | Ranadive applies & is accepted to be a [[Rava Duskhorn/Rava The Church of Otar#The Worshipers\|Worshiper]]                                                                                                     |
| 44  | Her practice has made Ranadive a "protégé" of sorts                                                                                                                                              |
| 48  | Ranadive is discovered by [[Rava Duskhorn/Rava Character List#Nikroth Iye Malthar\|Nikroth]] & is engaged to him                                                                                               |
| 48  | Rava leaves her home for the first time                                                                                                                                                          |

# Full Backstory
Ranadive was amongst the youngest of her eleven siblings, and knew very little of her parents. Temple work took up most of their time, and the little they had left was spent managing the house. Despite the distance Ranadive was near-obsessively devoted to them.

Her father [[Rava Duskhorn/Rava Character List#Alaric Vespers Zimou\|Alaric Zimou]] served as a [[Rava Duskhorn/Rava The Church of Otar#Priests\|priest]] of [[Rava Duskhorn/Rava Character List#Cyric\|Otar]], the god of perfection and plenty. [[Rava Duskhorn/Rava Character List#Alaric Vespers Zimou\|Alaric]] had been assigned to [[Rava Duskhorn/Rava The Church of Otar#Drear\|Drear]], one of the beacons of [[Rava Duskhorn/Rava Character List#Cyric\|Otar]]'s community. As a [[Rava Duskhorn/Rava The Church of Otar#Priests\|priest]], all of his children bore the same responsibility, a perfect obedience towards divine law. Ranadive’s mother, [[Rava Duskhorn/Rava Character List#Valeoria Calira Zimou\|Valeoria]], was responsible for ensuring her children could reach that standard. Ranadive did everything she could to follow her parents’ expectations. She studied hard, she devoted hours to prayer and worship, and she did her best to act exactly how they expected her to. But try as she might, Ranadive failed again and again to please them. She struggled in school, would often daydream, or become distracted during temple teachings, and despite her parents’ constant reminders, she often unintentionally broke [[Rava Duskhorn/Rava Character List#Cyric\|Otar]]'s divine law. In private, her parents would call her a rambunctious and difficult child, a disappointment even; often within earshot of her.

The rest of [[Rava Duskhorn/Rava The Church of Otar#Drear\|Drear]], however, saw Ranadive as an angel. They praised her appearance and soft-spoken manner. She was often fawned over in public and to keep up appearances her parents played along, although they were sneaking backhanded comments into their public praise. The facade her parents maintained created resentment, so more often than not her parents found flaws in whatever Ranadive was doing. Ranadive ’s idolization as the Zimou family’s golden child placed more pressure on her family. Anything Ranadive did that could even slightly tamper with her reputation or the family’s would be punished harshly, even for trivial things. 
{ #4c1804}


Ranadive was, more often than not, in some kind of trouble, either for failing her community and family or for breaking divine law. In her former years, Ranadive's punishments were light, but as she grew older they only grew harsher. Her [[Rava Duskhorn/Rava Character List#Alaric Vespers Zimou\|father]] began having her translate the holy texts from [[Rava Duskhorn/Rava The Church of Otar#Oxtun\|Oxtun]], the holy language used by [[Rava Duskhorn/Rava Character List#Cyric\|Otar]], into celestial, which was much more common in day-to-day life. Ranadive would write the same passage over and over until it was deemed good enough. Every time she wrote a passage that was not up to standards, her [[Rava Duskhorn/Rava Character List#Alaric Vespers Zimou\|father]] would have her repeat “Lessons learned in blood are not often forgotten,” again and again as the ruler striking her hands broke the skin. And then, she would be required to memorize the passages. She would sit in her cramped bedroom, hungry and exhausted reading the same passages until reciting them was second nature to her. In fact, Ranadive stared at the divine law so often that it really no longer felt divine at all. This was a thought that she greatly resented herself for.

During the [[Rava Duskhorn/Rava The Church of Otar#The Night of The Innocent\|The Night of The Innocent]], a small monthly celebration, the children were permitted to dance with [[Rava Duskhorn/Rava The Church of Otar#The Worshipers\|The Worshipers]], a team dedicated to praising [[Rava Duskhorn/Rava Character List#Cyric\|Otar]] who performed at every major event. According to divine law, any dancing must be dedicated to [[Rava Duskhorn/Rava Character List#Cyric\|Otar]], so Ranadive treasured these days. As a child Ranadive fell in love with dancing, and she was crushed when her parents decided that she should stop dancing when she became a [[Rava Duskhorn/Rava The Church of Otar#Ages\|child]] at 20 to display her maturity. But she listened, and eventually, with a lot of convincing, her parents allowed her to apply for [[Rava Duskhorn/Rava The Church of Otar#The Worshipers\|The Worshipers]] once she was officially considered a [[Rava Duskhorn/Rava The Church of Otar#Ages\|youth]]. 

When Ranadive was 29, her brothers [[Rava Duskhorn/Rava Character List#Syric Damarius Zimou\|Sylric]] & [[Rava Duskhorn/Rava Character List#Therion Fen Zimou\|Therion]] were preparing to have their [[Rava Duskhorn/Rava The Church of Otar#Ceremony of Growth\|Ceremony of Growth]]. As the eldest twin [[Rava Duskhorn/Rava Character List#Syric Damarius Zimou\|Sylric]]'s ceremony happened on their birthday. The day was incredibly busy and Ranadive spend most of the day helping her [[Rava Duskhorn/Rava Character List#Valeoria Calira Zimou\|mother]] host the dozens of people in their house. As the night died down [[Rava Duskhorn/Rava Character List#Therion Fen Zimou\|Therion]] took her aside. He said that he would miss her and asked that she come look for him sometime. Ranadive found the request a bit silly but agreed anyways. [[Rava Duskhorn/Rava Character List#Therion Fen Zimou\|Therion]]'s ceremony the next day was canceled. He had become sick and needed rest at the temple. Soon after Ranadive's [[Rava Duskhorn/Rava Character List#Alaric Vespers Zimou\|father]] announces that he had been transferred to [[Rava Duskhorn/Rava The Church of Otar#Elatre\|Elatre]]. While Ranadive was sad she knew that the [[Rava Duskhorn/Rava The Church of Otar#Sacristans\|Sacristans]] would have only done so if it was in his best interest, so she put it from her mind and moved on. 
{ #9a2de7}


To her parent’s surprise, Ranadive remembered the agreement and the day after she turned 40 she applied at the temple to become a [[Rava Duskhorn/Rava The Church of Otar#The Worshipers\|Worshiper]]. She was accepted almost immediately and began training with the other girls that same week. To her surprise, dancing was much more difficult than she had imagined. It was exhausting and required an immense amount of strength and discipline. Ranadive began to fall behind, and she became fearful. What would happen to her family’s reputation? Would she still be considered the angel? So she began going on “walks” searching for somewhere private, somewhere to practice where no one would see her breaking divine law. Surely it would be okay to practice outside the temple as long as it was still all for [[Rava Duskhorn/Rava Character List#Cyric\|Otar]], right? She found a spot in the third week, a small cove hidden behind a waterfall, practically invisible to anyone walking past and exactly what she needed. 

In fear of the mist of the waterfall dampening her clothes and revealing her, she stripped down into her undergarments before walking through, and then re-dressed in a set of dance clothes she left in the space. This continued for several years, Ranadive began to improve and not only did she match her peers in but she excelled. She was the protege, and was set to take a leadership position once she had fully completed her training. Ranadive lived like this for a majority of her life, a disappointment at home, an angel in public, and a sinner when she was alone.

One day Ranadive entered her house and was demanded in her [[Rava Duskhorn/Rava Character List#Alaric Vespers Zimou\|father]]'s study. He sat there with a man she didn’t recognize. Without warning her [[Rava Duskhorn/Rava Character List#Alaric Vespers Zimou\|father]] told her that she was now betrothed. This man, [[Rava Duskhorn/Rava Character List#Nikroth Iye Malthar\|Nikroth]], was also a [[Rava Duskhorn/Rava The Church of Otar#Priests\|priest]] and “happened” to see her behind the waterfall dancing. Ranadive knew that this couldn’t have been true, that the location was so hidden that [[Rava Duskhorn/Rava Character List#Nikroth Iye Malthar\|Nikroth]] never would have found her unless he had been following her, but out of fear she didn’t speak up. In exchange for [[Rava Duskhorn/Rava Character List#Nikroth Iye Malthar\|Nikroth]]'s silence Ranadive’s [[Rava Duskhorn/Rava Character List#Alaric Vespers Zimou\|father]] had agreed to marry her to him and provide a very substantial dowry. 

The wedding preparations began right away. Within the hour, [[Rava Duskhorn/Rava Character List#Valeoria Calira Zimou\|Valeoria]] and another [[Rava Duskhorn/Rava The Church of Otar#^a209ab\|priest-wife]] Ranadive didn’t know were in her room with a [[Rava Duskhorn/Rava The Church of Otar#Laymen / Women\|layman]], preparing her for her marital marks, two scars that run across the faces of married women. By the time dinner had arrived, Ranadive had her scars, and the first round of several rituals had begun, rubbing salt and alcohol into the wound to ensure its permanence. At the table, her younger brother [[Rava Duskhorn/Rava Character List#Lucan Fayrin Zimou\|Lucan]] continued to talk on and on about how exciting it was that “[[Rava Duskhorn/Rava Character List#^28076b\|Dive]]” was getting married. Despite herself Ranadive began to cry, and her [[Rava Duskhorn/Rava Character List#Alaric Vespers Zimou\|father]], furious, grabbed her by the arm, dragged her to the shelf of holy books, forced one into her hands, and stated that she better have translated the book in its entirety in three days. Ranadive entered her room, and despite the turmoil and fear and hatred she felt, she did nothing. It was her fault after all. Her stomach rumbled but she knew she wouldn’t receive food until she was done, and so she started. 

When Ranadive opened the book, her world fell apart. A corner of the inside of the front cover was peeling away, revealing a handwritten note. She gingerly pulled the page apart, and there she found, written in [[Rava Duskhorn/Rava The Church of Otar#Oxtun\|Oxtun]], “In honor of the [[Rava Duskhorn/Rava Character List#Cyric\|God of Lies]], may [[Rava Duskhorn/Rava Character List#Cyric\|Cyric]] continue his reign under the false name [[Rava Duskhorn/Rava Character List#Cyric\|Otar]], may his people remain foolish, may I, [[Rava Duskhorn/Rava Character List#The Blessed Intavar\|Intavar]], remain cunning. May their false faith honor you.” A prayer. Written to a different god altogether. Her sensibility went out the window as she began pulling out every holy book written in [[Rava Duskhorn/Rava The Church of Otar#Oxtun\|Oxtun]] she had in her room, each with the same prayer hidden inside the cover.

Ranadive broke. Everything was a lie. The rules, the punishments, the dancing, the scars. All of them were lies. She couldn’t handle it. She packed a small bag with her dance clothes that were comfortable and would allow her to move quickly. And then she waited silently, mourning her entire life, until the dead of night. She slipped downstairs and grabbed a kitchen knife. At the entryway, Ranadive paused, reached up, grabbed her long blond hair that had been praised for so many years, and cut it off.

Rava left the house and began her very very long walk; uncertain, scared, doubtful, and untrusting, but anything was better than this.



#Rava 